WebDataset support (#1174)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-viewer.md

You can share a specific row by clicking on it, and then copying the URL in the address bar of your browser. For example https://huggingface.co/datasets/glue/viewer/mrpc/test?p=2&row=241 will open the dataset viewer on the MRPC dataset, on the test split, and on the 241st row.

## Large scale datasets

The Dataset Viewer supports large scale datasets, but depending on the data format it may only show the first 5GB of the dataset:

> - For Parquet datasets: the Dataset Viewer shows the full dataset, however filtering and search are only enabled on the first 5GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Parquet datasets: the Dataset Viewer shows the full dataset, but filtering and search are only enabled on the first 5GB.
```

- For datasets >5GB in other formats (e.g. [WebDataset](https://github.com/webdataset/webdataset) or JSON Lines): the Dataset Viewer only shows the first 5GB, and filtering and search are enabled on these first 5GB.

In this case, an informational message lets you know that the Viewer is partial. This should be a large enough sample to represent the full dataset accurately, let us know if you need a bigger sample.

## Access the parquet files

> To power the dataset viewer, every dataset is auto-converted up to 5GB to the Parquet format (if the dataset is already in Parquet format we just link all the Parquet files). Click on [_"Auto-converted to Parquet"_](https://huggingface.co/datasets/glue/tree/refs%2Fconvert%2Fparquet/cola) to access the Parquet files. Refer to the [Datasets Server docs](/docs/datasets-server/parquet_process) to learn how to query the dataset parquet files with libraries such as Polars, Pandas or DuckDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To power the dataset viewer, the first 5G of every dataset are auto-converted to the Parquet format. In the dataset viewer (for example, see [`datasets/glue`](https://huggingface.co/datasets/glue)), you can click on [_"Auto-converted to Parquet"_](https://huggingface.co/datasets/glue/tree/refs%2Fconvert%2Fparquet/cola) to access the Parquet files. Please, refer to the [Datasets Server docs](/docs/datasets-server/parquet_process) to learn how to query the dataset parquet files with libraries such as Polars, Pandas or DuckDB.
```

> You can also access the list of Parquet files programmatically using the [Hub API](./api#endpoints-table): https://huggingface.co/api/datasets/glue/parquet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also access the list of Parquet files programmatically using the [Hub API](./api#get-apidatasetsrepoidparquet); for example, endpoint [`https://huggingface.co/api/datasets/glue/parquet`](https://huggingface.co/api/datasets/glue/parquet) lists the parquet files of the glue dataset.
```
